[CI:DOCS] introduce --replace flag for play kube (#11671)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-play-kube.1.md

Suppress output information when pulling images

#### **--replace**

> Tears down the pods that were created by a previous run of `play kube` and recreate pods, this is used to keep the existing pods and Kubernetes YAML file up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tears down the pods created by a previous run of `play kube` and recreates the pods. This is used to keep the existing pods and Kubernetes YAML file up to date.
```
